Add Workspace Outputs data source (#335)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/d/workspace_outputs.html.markdown

---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_workspace_outputs"
sidebar_current: "docs-datasource-tfe-state-outputs"
description: |-

>   Retrieves the State outputs per organization and workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get output values from another organization/workspace.
```

(Matches pattern of other page descriptions)

---
# Data Source: tfe_workspace_outputs

This data source is used to retrieve the state outputs for a given workspace.

> It enables values in the outputs to be used dynamically in a terraform
> configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It enables output values in one Terraform configuration to be used in another.
```

## Example Usage

Using the `tfe_workspace_outputs` data source in a terraform configuration.

In the example below, assume we have a state outputs that looks like this:

```
{
  "version": <version>,
  "terraform_version": "<terraform-version>",
  ...
  "outputs": {
    "identifier": {
      "value": "9023256633839603543",
      "type": "string"
    },
    "records": {
      "value": ["hashicorp.com", "terraform.io"],
      "type": ["list", "string"]
    },
    "secret": {
      "value": "token",
      "type": "string",
      "sensitive": true
    }
  },
  "resources": [
    ...
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: Generally speaking, the state file is an internal implementation detail who's format isn't guaranteed and has defined interfaces like `terraform state show` and outputs themselves to interact with it - in other words, I wouldn't actually give the content here as an example. It's prone to being outdated, and isn't the thing that people should care about when crafting their configurations. 

Instead, I would show the user-level interface used - configurations!

Example (yes, you can have a Terraform configuration with just hardcoded outputs 😆):

---

Given the outputs defined in a configuration used at `my-org/my-workspace`:

```
output "foo" {
  value = "a"
}

output "bar" {
  value = "b"
}
```

These outputs can be used in another:

```
data "tfe_workspace_outputs" "external_outputs" {
  organization = "my-org"
  workspace = "my-workspace"
}

<rest of example omitted but you get my gist>
```

Author: Right, will update

> The `tfe_workspace_outputs` data source can now use `identifier` and `records`
> dynamically as seen below.

Reviewer: * `can now` is temporal; this won't be new forever! 
* `dynamically` isn't of any consequence to the user, the fact that the type is variable is what's expected and sadly not the case until now 😆

```suggestion
Using the `tfe_workspace_outputs` data source, the outputs `identifier` and `records` can be used as seen below:
```

```hcl
data "tfe_workspace_outputs" "foobar" {
  organization = "<organization-name>"
  workspace = "<workspace-name>"
}

output "identifier" {
	value = data.tfe_workspace_outputs.foobar.values.identifier
}

output "records" {
	value = data.tfe_workspace_outputs.foobar.values.records
}
```

If you want to reveal sensitive values, then set the optional boolean flag
`sensitive=true`:

```
data "tfe_workspace_outputs" "foobar" {
  organization = "<organization-name>"
  workspace = "<workspace-name>"
  sensitive = true
}

output "secret" {
	value = data.tfe_workspace_outputs.foobar.values.secret
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `organization` - (Required) The name of the organizatin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `organization` - (Required) The name of the organization.
```

* `workspace` - (Required) The name of the workspace.
* `sensitive` - (Optional) Determines whether or not to show sensitive values.
  Set to `true` to reveal sensitive values.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `values` - A dynamic value that can call any state outputs key and retrieve
>   its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `values` - The current output values for the specified workspace.
```
